Update small things on website (#380)
SeleniumHQ/docs: docs_source_files/content/support_packages/mouse_and_keyboard_actions_in_detail.en.md

  {{< / code-panel >}}
{{< / code-tab >}}

> You can simulate mouse clicking on e if itis visible and has a height and width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simulate mouse clicking on e if it is visible and has a height and width
```
